X
What will you do to take your leadership to the next  level?Consider  Organizational Leaders’ Institute Attend Our  Informational Meeting!!! Wednesday, December 7th, 2016 12PM- 1PM SILC Open Area Havener Center Can’t attend the meeting? Read the Information Below! Organizational Leaders’ Institute Spring 2017 OLI is a year-long, non-credit certificate program designed to assist students in developing the key skills to serve as an effective leader. It is open to all undergraduate full-time students who have earned at least 30 credit hours and a minimum GPA of 2.25 prior to January 1, 2017. It is also open to students who are pursuing masters or doctoral degrees. Additionally, students should be currently serving or planning to serve in leadership positions or roles in student organizations, community organizations, or a workplace. Application information is below. Individuals who are selected to participate will have the option to pay an OLI Graduation Stoll fee of $25. This fee will be due within the first tw  weeks of the spring semester and can be charged to your student account. Benefits Develop key leadership skills and learn how to apply them in an organizational setting Paritcipate in a 360 Evaluation to learn your leadership strenghts and areas of improvement Network with student leaders and professionals Establish a relationship with a mentor Build your resume by earning a non-academic credit leadership certificate Attend members only events Create a leadership action plan Completion results in an option to receive an OLI Graduation Stoll. Minimum Certificate Requirements After being selected, join Leadership and Cultural Programs on OrgSync Attend monthly meeting with your mentor Complete a 360 Evaluation and discuss the results with your mentor Attend one Foundations of Leadership Workshop on the Five Exemplary Practices of Leadership Attend one of two workshops on Modeling the Way: Options will include Understanding Your Values and Serving as a Leader in a Fishbowl or Transitioning into an Office Attend  ne of two workshops on Inspiring a Shared Vision: Options include How to Have an Effective Meeting and Techniques for Developing Shared Vision and Goals Attend one of two workshops on Challenging the Process: Options include How to Deal with Difficult People and Challenging Traditions Attend one of two workshops on Enabling Others to Act: Options include Understanding Your Leadership Style and How to Leverage Situational Leadership to Improve Leadership Effectiveness Attend one of two workshops on Encouraging the Heart: Options include Mentoring 101 and Forming a Team Identity Earn a Certificate with Distinction During your second semester in the program you will be given the opportunity to earn a certificate with distinction by completing a leadership project. This project will be tied to your area of involvement or work. Members Only Events! Pre Student Leadership Conference Workshop and Dinner on Friday, February 3rd. Information forthcoming. Additionally OLI members will be given the opportunity to compte Nucor’s College to Career Survey and learn how to develop yourself professionally. Applications are due December 9th. Application Information Submit your resume and a cover letter explaining why you are interested and how you wish to benefit from participation in the Organizational Leaders’ Institute to: Jerri Arnold-Cook, Director of Leadership and Cultural Programs via email at arnoldcookj@mst.edu or drop it off in 229 Havener Center by Friday, December 9th. Space is limited to 25 participants. You will be contacted via email to arrange a time for a telephone interveiw that will occur over the winter break. Questions can be directed to Jerri Arnold-Cook at arnoldcook@mst.edu Jerri Jerri Arnold-Cook, Ed.D. Director Leadership & Cultural Programs 229 Havener Center , 1346 N Bishop 573.341.6828 | fax: 573.341.4125 arnoldcookj@mst.edu | lcp@mst.edu
Announcements on the final project presentation next week (CS5402 Machine Learning) Dear class, I attached the schedule and peer-evaluation table of your project presentation in the next week. Your team information was double-checked. The presentation order was randomly generated on Wednesday in class. 1. The GTA will print and bring this page to the class on Monday (Dec 5). The peer-evaluation will be collected on Friday (Dec 9). 2. Your presentation including Q&A is limited to 4 minutes. In your slides, you need to briefly present: your problem and challenges; related work; your proposed method; experimental validation; conclusion and future work. 3. Email your slides to the GTA (wjm84@mst.edu) before 8AM of your presentation date. Early emails to the GTA are strongly encouraged since our GTA will be in charge of presentations of two classes in the next week. Use "CS5402 Machine Learning" in the subject of your email. If you need your laptop to show live demo, please let the GTA know in advance. @Distance learning section: please record your video presentation and tell the GTA how to download it, no later than the night before the your presentation. The GTA needs time to download your video and verify the video can be played. 4. Since the early presenters have less time to prepare their presentation, we will have some bonus: The presenters on Monday have 10% bonus on their presentation; The presenters on Wednesday have 5% bonus on their presentation. See you tomorrow. Dr. Yin
HARVEY BROTHERS CONSTRUCTION LLC to bcc: me Show more Nov 28 The position will only require 4-6 hours work weekly between Mon - Fri. The position offer flexibility that allows you choose your hours during the day to avoid conflicts between classes or other business. Kindly write back if you are interested in learning more about this online opportunity for details and how to proceed further from there. This could be the opportunity you have been looking for and I'm sure you wouldn't want to miss out!!! I look forward to read from you soon indicating your interest to work. Sincerely, James Watson, Supervisor
Cristina Rodriguez to me Show more Nov 17 Hello! On Friday, November 18th @ 2:00pm PT, Facebook’s Latin@fb Employee Resource Group will host a Live Panel comprised of Facebook Latino Engineers, Managers and Director. The panel will address topics specific to: o Diversity Hiring o Underrepresented Minorities o Recruitment & Interview process at Facebook This Live session will last approximately 30 minutes with panel introductions proceeded by Questions and Answers. *Join us on Facebook, go to: www.facebook.com/facebookdiversity* Hope to see you there! Please mark your calendars. Best, Cristina
Dear Luis, Congratulations! Based on your academic achievements, you have been accepted to the HonorSociety­.org member society. Accepting this distinction connects you with like-minded high achievers from Missouri University of Science & Technology and across the nation, both in person and through our society's web portal. HonorSociety­.org is the preeminent organization dedicated to recognition of student success, and to empower students to achieve through scholarship, recognition, exclusive privileges, job opportunities and more. Luis Pereira Martinez?: Activate your Honor Society Membership the deadline to activate membership is December 20, 2016 at 5 p.m. EST. Featured Privileges Exclusive Scholarship Listings Learn More >> Full Access to Career Insider Guide books and tools by Vault­.com (up to $1,000 value) Learn More >> Dental, Vision and Hearing Health Discount Plans valid at 200,000 access points nationwide learn More >> Priority admissions and waived application fee to global internship programs learn More >> HonorSociety­.org regalia - honor cords & tassels Learn More >> Dining discounts at 18,000 restaurant nationwide Learn More >> Luis Pereira Martinez?: Activate your Honor Society Membership The deadline to activate membership is December 20, 2016 at 5 p.m. Eastern Standard Time.Dream Careers Priority Admissions & Waived Application Fee HonorSociety­.org members can enroll in any of the 11 global programs and secure a top internship placement. All programs include group housing, academic credit, weekend events, career preparation with an industry expert, and internship placement within the Dream Careers' global employer network. Apply Now Graduation Regalia & Honor Cords HonorSociety­.org regalia is available exclusively for HonorSociety­.org members. Display your recognition and member standing with the double stranded royal blue and gold themed honor cords, stoles and medallions of HonorSociety­.org on your graduation day, or for a keepsake. View Shop The HonorSociety­.org Advantage Scholarships | Internship & Job Opportunities | Exclusive Privileges | Recognition | Networking | Service Induction Ceremony with LA Mayor HonorSociety­.org speakers discuss leadership, global awareness, and civic responsibility at the HonorSociety­.org member ceremony. Read More HonorSociety.org Health Discount Plan Through our partnership with Careington, HonorSociety­.org active members enjoy discounts on dental, vision, hearing, LASIK vision correction and more! Read More Washington DC Member Trip Recap View highlights from the HonorSociety­.org member trip to Washington D.C. Relive 5 days of fun, networking, and memorable experiences. View Trip Our mission is to help you maximize your academic, leadership and networking potential. HonorSociety­.org recognizes your achievements to date, but more importantly builds a framework for future success. From networking, to leadership opportunities, to exclusive member trips and content, our society exists to help you achieve even more. For more information, see our FAQ page. Find us on Linkedin Our Facebook Page Our Instagram YouTube Channel Visit HonorSociety.org Contact us This email was sent by Honor Society. 1025 Connecticut Avenue, NW • Suite 1000 • Washington, DC 20036 FAQs • Contact us HonorSociety.org - A Tradition of Success. This email is exclusively for: lepnc5@mst.edu
Dear Luis, I hope you are doing well. We are glad to invite you to our upcoming classroom Project Management Professional ( PMP® ) training in your city on the following dates. Workshop Dates Class1: Starts from 12th Dec Class2: Starts from 17th Dec The Project Management Professional ( PMP® ) certification is the world’s most popular and sought-after credential for project managers, offered by the Project Management Institute. WHY DO OUR PMP TRAINING COURSE? 32 hours of classroom training 29 hours of high quality e-learning content 83 chapter-end quizzes 6 industry-based case studies 5 PMP® simulation exams 35 PDUs on offer "We also provide corporate training at an attractive price, our clients include a lot of fortune 500 companies. Please respond to this e-mail if you want us to call you for a more detailed discussion on your training requirement." Other Courses: ITIL | Digital Marketing | BigData | R, SAS & Excel | DevOps | ASM | ToGAF Looking forward to your participation. Thanks & Regards, Jennifer Miles Sr. Manager – Training Tel: 8445327688 Ext: 1019 This message was sent to lepnc5@mst.edu by jennifer.miles@cert-skills.com 5042 Wilshire Blvd #29370, Los Angeles, CA, 90036 Unsubscribe
Your feedback will allow us to improve this experience of the event for next year. We greatly appreciate your opinions and welcome your responses. Upon completion of the survey, you will be given the chance to enter into the sweepstakes drawing for one of four $250 USD cash prizes! The survey can be taken easily on a computer, mobile phone, or tablet. To begin, please click on this link: http://www.survey4.rdagroup.com/2016eventpostOTF/default.cfm?cell=2011 See what's happening on our social sites Facebook Twitter YouTube SHPE | 13181 Crossroads Pkwy N, Suite # 450, City Of Industry, CA 91746 Unsubscribe lepnc5@mst.edu Update Profile | About our service provider Sent by shpenational@shpe.org in collaboration with Trusted Email from Constant Contact - Try it FREE today. Try it free today
What's up hackers?  SHPE has more awesomeness for you going on *TODAY*.  Here is a brief list of what we have for you: * Tech Solutions Theater At the career fair, from Noon-3pm Qualcomm and General Motors, will be showcasing their technology, starting sharp at Noon!
Fossil watch and Dragonboards will be raffled at noon.  *Bring your resume - they are looking to hire YOU* * Startup Lounge 9am - 4pm Room 401, right outside the career fair (next to Subway) Meet entrepreneurs in tech, learn from their experience, ask questions, network.  Turn your hackathon prototype into products! * Career Fair Our Tech Program & Hackathon sponsors, along with many others, are looking for YOU.  Here are some companies you want to visit: Qualcomm Two Sigma Macys.com General Motors GE Goldman Sachs Raytheon Chevron GitHub See you very soon.  Make the most of your time here! Francesca Director, SHPECodes
IOSR Journals The International Organization of Scientific Research (IOSR) HOME How to submit your paper Indexing and Listing Impact-Factor IOSR Journals Indexing: Dear Sir, We are happy to announce you that IOSR Journals (www.iosrjournals.org) have come under AQCJ - 2015 Top 20 Journals Ranking. It was calculated on the basis of “Google Scholar Citation” of published articles. IOSR Journals got 9th Ranking by AQCJ (African Quality Center for Journals) - Top 20 Journals Ranking. IOSR Journals provides DOI (Digital Object Identifier) to each article. IOSR Journals DOI is 10.9790 Papers are invited for IOSR Journals December 2016 Issue related to all field of Engineering, Management, Medical & Dental Science, Pharmacy, Applied Sciences, Nursing, Humanities and Social Science etc. Cross Ref (USA), Index Copernicus, NASA ads, ANED (American national Engineering Database), Google Scholar, Open- J Gate. Important Dates Submission last date: 15 December 2016 acknowledgement of submission : Within 24 hrs Acceptance n tification : After 10 Days of submission (Blind peer review process) Publication Date : 25 December 2016 Author can submit paper through following ink: http://iosrjournals.org/how-to-submit.html LIST OF JOURNAL IOSR Journal of Computer Engineering (IOSR-JCE) IOSR Journal of Electrical and Electronics Engineering (IOSR-JEEE) IOSR Journal of Pharmacy and Biological Science (IOSR-JPBS) IOSR Journal of Nursing and Health Science (IOSR-JNHS) IOSR Journal of Mechanical and Civil Engineering (IOSR-JMCE) IOSR Journal of Electronics and Communication Engineering (IOSR-JECE) IOSR Journal of Dental and Medical Sciences (IOSR-JDMS) IOSR Journal of Agriculture and Veterinary Science (IOSR-JAVS) IOSR Journal of VLSI and Signal Processing (IOSR-JVSP) IOSR Journal on Mobile Computing & Application (IOSR-JMCA) IOSR Journal of Sports and Physical Education (IOSR-JSPE) IOSR Journal of Polymer and Textile Engineering (IOSR-JPTE) IOSR Journal of Humanities and Social Science (IOSR-JHSS) IOSR Journal of Research & Method in Educatn (IOSR-JRME) IOSR Journal of Applied Geology and Geophysics (IOSR-JAGG) IOSR Journal of Environmental Science, Toxicology and Food Technology IOSR Journal of Mathematics (IOSR-JM)IOSR Journal of Business and Management (IOSR-JBM) IOSR Journal of Applied Physics (IOSR-JAP) IOSR Journal of Applied Chemistry (IOSR-JAC) IOSR Journal of Economics and Finance (IOSR-JEF) IOSR Journal of Biotechnology and Biochemistry (IOSR-JBB) Regards Director General, IOSR Journals (www.iosrjournals.org) (A unit of International Organization of Scientific Research) Mail id: support@iosrmail.org
Celebrate a Century of Innovation in Flight Boeing Centennial Celebration Thursday, Nov. 3 9:30 PM - 11:30 PM WSCC Tahoma SHPE will honor Boeing for 100 years of making the impossible possible. Starting out as a builder of wood and fabric floatplanes in a Seattle boathouse, Boeing has become the world's largest aerospace company and leading manufacturer of commercial jetliners and defense, space and security systems. Today, its airplanes circle the globe, its defense solutions help protect our freedoms and its technology pushes the limits of software and hardware. And it's just getting started. Join SHPE for a special celebration of the bold innovators and dreamers who continually look for ways to build something better.Learn more about Boeing's centennial. Featured Executive SpeakersVan Rex Gallard Vice President of Sales Latin America, Africa and the Caribbean Boeing Commercial Airplanes Gallard is responsible for all airplane sales in the region as well as leading a team of sales directors and other sales nd marketing professionals. Previously, he served as business director for Latin America, Africa and Caribbean Sales for Commercial Airplanes. Before taking that role in 2006, he was sales director for Brazil, Argentina and Chile. Dr. Julio A. Navarro Senior Technical Fellow Systems Technology Boeing Research and Technology Dr. Navarro provides technical leadership of critical radio frequency and microwave technologies for Boeing's advanced aerospace development organizations. In the area of phased array sensors, he is a subject matter expert in radio frequency circuits, antennas and heterogeneously-integrated electronics. He has helped develop phased array antennas used in unmanned aerial vehicles, aircraft, ships, submarines, satellites and missiles. Jeff Lind associate Technical Fellow BCA Airplane Systems and Software Engineering Lind holds a B.S.E.E in computer engineering from the University of Washington. He has participated in 787, 777, F18, 767 and 757 programs. Currently, Lind serves as an internal nsultant, helping groups apply systems engineering to technology strategy, product innovation and large-scale organizational change. David Davila Jr. Vice President of Illumination and Sensor Products Spectrolab, a Boeing Subsidiary Davila provides direction and financial decisions for product line profit and loss of the division. He has performed as a systems and test engineer, leader or manager on the P-8A, F/A-18, Space Shuttle, International Space Station and Ground-Based Midcourse Defense Programs. as the Jaime Oaxaca STAR Award winner, Davila's extended bio appears in SHPE Magazine. SHPE, 13181 Crossroads Pkwy N, Suite # 450, City Of Industry, CA 91746 SafeUnsubscribe™ lepnc5@mst.edu Forward this email | Update Profile | About our service provider Sent by webmaster@shpe.org in collaboration with Constant Contact Try it free today
Are you ready for the possibilities? the latest, greatest openings are waiting – just for you. There’s so much you could do at AT&T. Our opportunities stretch across a variety of career areas, which means there’s sure to be one that feels just right. In fact, we thought of you when we saw these open up: Job Alert Category: college Bilingual B2B Sales Program - (Los Angeles, California, United States) Bilingual B2B Sales Program - (Tucson, Arizona, United States) Bilingual B2B Sales Program - (Miami, Florida, United States) B2B Sales Program - (New York, New York, United States) B2B Sales Program - (Laredo, Texas, United States) Engineering & Operations Intern - (Dallas, Texas, United States) Big Data Technical Co-Op I - (Palo Alto, California, United States) Big Data Technical Intern II - (Plano, Texas, United States) Senior Specialist – Technology Development Program (Cybersecurity) - (Durham, North Carolina, United States) Any look good to you? These are just a few of our latest jobs – and each one offers yu the rewards, support and opportunities to build a long-standing career that you’ll love. Plus, don’t forget that more are opening up all the time. Search Jobs Inside Stories Inside Stories Inside Stories Inside Stories Inside Stories Inside Stories AT&T Social LInks AT&T Logo © 2016 AT&T Intellectual Property. All rights reserved. AT&T, AT&T logo and all other marks contained herein are trademarks of AT&T Intellectual Property and/or AT&T affiliated companies. Discrimination and all unlawful harassment (including sexual harassment) in employment is not tolerated. We encourage success based on our individual merits and abilities without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, disability, marital status, citizenship status, military status, veteran status or employment status. We support and obey laws that prohibit discrimination everywhere we do business. If you wish to opt out of future AT&T recruitment communications, please click here. 088 S. Akad Street, Dallas, TX 75202
November Scholarship to me Show more Nov 14 Attention all Missouri S&T Students: The November 2016 Scholarship Points Scholarship has just launched! Current students and recent alumni are eligible to apply for the $10,000 scholarship. All you need to do is complete a simple 5 minute survey. No essay and no GPA required. Only a limited number of applicants accepted. Click below TODAY! http://scholarship.idlestudent.com Morgan Cohen, Idle Student at Missouri University of Science and Technology HQ: Suite 4A, 1039 North America Way, Miami, FL, 33132. To unsubscribe, please click here
S&T Artificial Intelligence Tournament Series Winter/Spring Semester 2003 gave birth to a new S&T tradition: the Artificial Intelligence Tournament Series. This series follows a tradition of in-class tournaments in the course Introduction to Artificial Intelligence – COMP SCI 5400 (347), but aims to broaden that scope by inviting campus-wide participation by holding public tournaments and having formal awards ceremonies. Hosted by the Department of Computer Science, this is a vehicle for students, faculty, alumni, and staff to test their skills in programming Artificial Intelligence by having their creations compete with each other as well as with humans in a tournament. Typical tournament challenges involve some type of board game. The challenge for Winter Semester 2003 was playing the board game Abalone, Fall Semester 2003 and Spring Semester 2004 it was playing the board game Stratego. Fall Semester 2004 and Spring Semester 2005 it was playing the classic board game Chess. In Fall Semester 2005 and Spring mester 2006 it was playing the board game Othello (also known as Reversi). Fall Semester 2006 it was playing the board game Backgammon (the first time the S&T AI Tournament featured a stochastic game [dice]). The challenge in Fall Semester 2007 was playing the board game Mancala, in Spring Semester 2009 it was Chess, and in Spring Semester 2010 it was Backgammon. Since Spring Semester 2011 the challenge has been Chess and this semester, Fall Semester 2016, the challenge is again Chess. This semester the tournament will be held TOMORROW, Saturday December 3rd 2016, in computer lab 105 in Centennial Hall. The first round is anticipated to start at noon and depending on the exact number of rounds required to determine the top three winners, the tournament is anticipated to end sometime between 5pm and 7pm (each round takes at most 30 minutes). There are plenty of spots open for human players; interested individuals (students, faculty, alumni, and staff are all invited to participate!) should contact Dr. Daniel Tauritz; human players will also need to register on the day of the tournament between 11:40am and 11:50am, open spots will be assigned on a first come, first serve basis.  Thanks to Sandia National Laboratories’ generous participation, there will be free food & beverages, great prizes, and cloud computing time for the AIs! For more detailed information about the tournament series and participating in it, including semester specific tournament rules, see the S&T Artificial Intelligence Tournament Series website at: http://web.mst.edu/~tauritzd/AI-Tournament. Everyone is invited to stop by and cheer the players! cheers, Dr. T Daniel Tauritz, Ph.D. Natural Computation Laboratory Director Associate Professor & Associate Chair for Undergraduate Studies, Department of Computer Science S&T Recruiting & Internship Coordinator for Sandia National Laboratories
Project Piece #3 to me Show more Dec 1 Your instructor has released grade changes and new comments for Project Piece #3. These changes are now viewable. You can view it here | Update your notification settings
GEM Messaging to me Show more Nov 8 Dear Pereira, Luis, We are glad that you have expressed an interest in The National GEM Consortium. This message has been sent to lepnc5@mst.edu. You now have an account in our system. You can log back into to the eGEM system at any time by clicking on: https://egem.gemfellowship.org Thank you, The National GEM Consortium Team info@gemfellowship.org
ANNOUNCEMENTS Your Opinion Matters! Weigh in on Future Dues and Fees by Dec. 15 The Financial Sustainability Committee (FSC) has presented proposals on improvements to EWB-USA's finances that will better position us to achieve our mission. Log in to Volunteer Village to read their Executive Summary and view the presentation FSC members have given at our 2016 regional conferences. Once you have reviewed these important findings, complete this survey by December 15 to share your feedback. Email questions or comments to Comments-FSCRec@ewb-usa.org. Read the proposed changes >>Take the survey >> Student Chapter Fees Due Dec. 31 Pay your chapter fee early and have peace of mind over the holidays! Our new invoice system is in Volunteer Village and includes payment options. Chapter Officers with access to PAWS can view their chapter's invoice. Learn about chapter fees and the new system here. Find Chapter Financial Reports (Including Gift Reports!) in Volunteer Village We've created new resources to assist you in naing online chapter financial reports and submitting an expense report or advance report in Volunteer Village. Note: Your chapter gift report is now part of your chapter's financial report in Volunteer Village. Donations are designated in the report with "contribution" as the transaction type. Chapter Officers can log in and click the "Finances" tab to see chapter finances, including donations. You can also obtain immediate, more detailed information about your online donors through Classy's reporting. Your chapter's Classy Admin can access several reports that are automatically created for you. Learn more about Classy reporting here. If you have additional questions on Classy, including how to log in as Chapter Admin, check out the Classy FAQs. Still need help? Reach out to chapters@ewb-usa.org. Fall Grant Winners Announced The fall 2016 grant cycle connected 20 funders and $300,000 in support to EWB-USA chapter projects. Thanks to all who participated! We received 140 project grant applications and 25 employe grant applications. Fall grant recipients have been announced; check your EWB-USA Chapter Gmail account or log in to the grant portal to find out if your chapter received a grant. FUNDING OPPORTUNITIES Prepare for the Year-End Campaign Did you know that almost one-third of annual giving takes place in December? Your chapter has a unique story to tell, and the Year-End Campaign is the perfect time to share it with friends, family, fellow members and donors! All the campaign resources you need to achieve fundraising success are here on our website, including information on the $1,000 weekly prizes sponsored by NCEES. VOLUNTEER OPPORTUNITIES Interested in Engineering Service Corps? Speak up in the Village! Do you have more than five years of engineering/international experience? The Engineering Service Corps (ESC) offers experienced professionals the opportunity to contribute their expertise to a variety of projects for partnering development organizations. To learn more, sign up for ESC alerts in your Volunter Village profile. Kosovo Short- or Long-Term Mechanical Engineer Position The ESC is seeking one or more mechanical engineers with at least 5 years of professional experience. Working with the USAID AGRO program, these volunteers will work to improve the processing efficiency of agricultural initiatives. Learn more and apply >> Western Pennsylvania State Representative Position This dynamic position works directly with the Northeast Regional Steering Committee to make sure all chapters' voices in this area are heard. The State Rep is also charged with communicating information from headquarters to chapters to keep all chapters are updated on policies and exciting news. Learn more and apply >> November 2016 IN THIS ISSUE ANNOUNCEMENTS FUNDING OPPORTUNITIES VOLUNTEER OPPORTUNITIES CONNECT Facebook LinkedIn Twitter USEFUL LINKSFSC Survey >> Volunteer Village Login >> Volunteer Opportunities Board >> Help Center >>Year-End Campaign Materials >>TOP BLOG POSTS the Pathway to a Financially Sustainable Organization. Community Engineering Corps Finishes First Drinking Water Project >> MSU EWB-USA Chapter Completes Implementation of Nine Water Wells in Zambia >> EWB-USA | Forward to a Friend | Unsubscribe copyright © 2014. All Rights Reserved.
The holiday season is upon us, and PosterMyWall has a template (or two) for all your holiday retail needs. Our high quality downloads are just what you need to promote all the upcoming sales, parties and meal deals! Browse through our holiday templates to find the design that best fits your needs. Then download and print at a local printshop and share on social media!Enjoy 30% off download orders. Enter 30HOLIDAY2016 on checkout. Expires November 9th.
Here's your chance to earn gift cards for sharing your opinions with e-Rewards® by participating in online surveys that match your interests.Earn exciting rewards from Denny's, Walmart and more. And, as a special bonus, you'll receive a $25 Restaurant.com promo code when you complete your first survey.It's a free program and the more surveys you take, the more you earn!
The CS Department will this coming Monday be interviewing a candidate for the open Assistant Teaching Professor position. Student feedback on the candidate’s teaching quality will be a critical factor in deciding whether to hire them. Therefore we request that you attend either or both of the following this coming Monday December 5th: